it does to me too, my brain just stops working what are the possible things you've done you've said to someone that i'm still unknown about. If they still more close compare to me, whether you're talking me lightly, whether you still talk to them, i've not said to remove or block or anything. The thought of you having slightest bit of thought about them kills me. Idk what more you have yet to tell me. I still don't think i know your past that well. I watched your reposts too ani, i think whome you might have thought at that time. Or even the song that have been shared to you, it shatters my heart knowing that there's something still attach that make them cross you mind. I just know handle you having a thoughts of anyone else kai situation ma pani. When you slip words that hurts me I still stay quite wishing you didn't say that or articulated that sentence in you mind. It kills me by the fact that you've had talked to someone till late night. I kills me knowing that you might have said someone that "if i will ever love someone it will be only you". I try baby i try not to think about anything. I try soo hard. I still don't know what you mean to say about your past relation ship, you've said "it was for a week",  "for a month", "he cheated", I still don't know what the truth is, yet i'm still in hope that you're mine and you love me the most that all it matter's to me.  I have to said anything about how i feel about my insecurities i can keep going. Not that i'm insecure of them but i'm insecure of being them. 

I do accept that there was once a feeling. But deep down I know that, it was not what I wanted with love in this life. I never called anyone my girlfriend, not dated any  one before, never made any plans. But deep down I knew that there's someone that fills this void of love that's in my heart. And I met you baby.

Never once doubt  in my love for you. I do accept that there was once a feeling before. I didn't need you to tell me to remove them or anything. I did it myself so that you won't have to worried if they ever cross my mind. I've make sure that you feel secure with my mind too. And i'm thankful that everything happened led me to you. You are my soul, you mean the most to be, there's noone that I want other than you. No one to impress other than you. I love you the most just know it.

**__I love you more 
I love you more and you know it 
I love you the most 
I love youu sooo muchhh__**